io.elementary.dock launchers ['gala-multitaskingview.desktop', 'io.elementary.files.desktop', 'org.gnome.Epiphany.desktop', 'io.elementary.mail.desktop', 'io.elementary.tasks.desktop', 'io.elementary.calendar.desktop', 'io.elementary.music.desktop', 'io.elementary.videos.desktop', 'io.elementary.photos.desktop', 'io.elementary.settings.desktop', 'io.elementary.appcenter.desktop', 'io.elementary.installer.desktop']
io.elementary.photos.crop-settings last-crop-height 1
io.elementary.photos.crop-settings last-crop-menu-choice 1
io.elementary.photos.crop-settings last-crop-width 1
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state dataimports-fspot true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state publishing-tumblr false
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state publishing-yandex-fotki false
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-blinds true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-chess true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-circle true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-circles true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-clock true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-crumble true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-fade true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-slide true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-squares true
io.elementary.photos.plugins.enable-state transitions-stripes true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.files auto-import true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.files commit-metadata false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.files import-dir ''
io.elementary.photos.preferences.files raw-developer-default 'CAMERA'
io.elementary.photos.preferences.files use-lowercase-filenames false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.slideshow delay 3.0
io.elementary.photos.preferences.slideshow show-title false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.slideshow transition-effect-id ''
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-event-comments false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-metadata-sidebar true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-photo-comments false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-photo-tags true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-photo-titles false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui display-sidebar true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui event-photos-sort-ascending true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui event-photos-sort-by 2
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui events-sort-ascending false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui hide-photos-already-imported false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui keep-relativity true
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui library-photos-sort-ascending false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui library-photos-sort-by 2
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui metadata-sidebar-position -1
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui modify-originals false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui photo-thumbnail-scale 256
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui sidebar-position 180
io.elementary.photos.preferences.ui use-24-hour-time false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window direct-height 680
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window direct-maximize false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window direct-width 1000
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window library-height 680
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window library-maximize false
io.elementary.photos.preferences.window library-width 1000
io.elementary.photos.printing content-height 5.0
io.elementary.photos.printing content-layout 3
io.elementary.photos.printing content-ppi 600
io.elementary.photos.printing content-units 1
io.elementary.photos.printing content-width 7.0
io.elementary.photos.printing images-per-page 1
io.elementary.photos.printing match-aspect-ratio true
io.elementary.photos.printing print-titles false
io.elementary.photos.printing size-selection 3
io.elementary.photos.printing titles-font 'Sans Bold 12'
io.elementary.photos.video interpreter-state-cookie -1
